Name-indexed read/write API on Read/Write traits + EGraph::update (#901)
egraphs-good/egglog: src/lib.md

# egglog

Egglog is a language for writing equality saturation applications.
It is the successor to the Rust library [egg](https://github.com/egraphs-good/egg).

> Egglog is faster and more general than egg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Egglog is more expressive than egg and scales better to complex workloads.
```
